BDE Distribution README
-----------------------

NOTE: This release is a test of the source distribution release mechanism only.

This README applies to both source and binary distributions.


Contents
--------

The following files and directories are provided in all distributions:

  MANIFEST         - Library versions contained in this distribution
  Makefile         - Master makefile. See README.INSTALL
  README           - This document
  README.INSTALL   - How to build and install the BDE libraries
  README.PLATFORMS - Supported platforms
  README.EXAMPLES  - How to build the example application
  VERSION          - Overall version of this distribution

  src      - (Source distributions) Directory containing source code
             (Binary distributions) Directory containing makefile definitions
  doc      - Directory containing per-library documentation
  examples - Directory containing example application code and makefile

Although binary distributions do not contain the BDE source, they do include
the makefiles so that applications may use convenience macros defined in them.

In a binary distribution, or after a default installation from source, the
following additional directories will also be present:

  lib      - Directory containing per-platform library subdirectories
  include  - Directory containing per-library header file subdirectories

Note that source and binary distributions of the same release are structurally
compatible with each other and may be unpacked into the same location without
conflicting.


Recommended Reading List
------------------------

The following documents provide essential information on this release. Please
read them in order to learn about building and installing BDE libraries, 
supported platforms, and building applications using BDE.

README.INSTALL
  Details how to build the libraries included within this release. The list of
  included libraries and their versions is provided in the MANIFEST.

README.PLATFORMS
  Lists supported platforms of this release

README.EXAMPLES
  Describes how to build and run the applications in the 'examples' directory.
  In addition, the 'Makefile' in the 'examples' directory serves as an example
  for using this release to build BDE applications.


Contact
-------

Please report any issues to John Lakos.
